Hey john,

 

Thanks for your time on the phone!

 

Please go through and read the full integration pack attached along with Ellie’s email below with the examples.

 

As mentioned, for Phase 2 of adding the gift card promo onto your website, we should have an answer back from risk and compliance team in about 1 month, they just need a bit more time now that we are nearing the EOFY. I will keep you in the loop of their progress though.

 

Please let me know if you have any questions, I am happy to help!

 

Thanks,


Erin Crofton
Finance Consultant
t (08) 9446 9893 m 0432 280 181

strattonfinance.com.au/wanneroo






Australian Credit Licence No.364340, AFCA Member, and FBAA Member. This e-mail was sent by Stratton Finance Pty Ltd of 1/435 Williamstown Road, Port Melbourne, VIC, 3207, Australia (stratton) or one of its affiliates. This e-mail (and any attachments) is for the exclusive use of the person or corporation to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential or protected by copyright. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail kindly notify us immediately on 1300 787 288 or by return e-mail, and then destroy the original transmission of this e-mail. You are notified that any use, disclosure, distribution, printing or copying is prohibited by law, and that the contents must be kept confidential. Copyright © stratton. All Rights Reserved. strtc2

 

From: Ellie Westmoreland <ellie.westmoreland@stratton.com.au>
Sent: Wednesday, 10 June 2026 7:43 AM
To: Erin Crofton <Erin.Crofton@stratton.com.au>
Cc: Chris Dimopoulos <chris.dimopoulos@stratton.com.au>; Kevin Smith <kevin.smith@stratton.com.au>
Subject: MissingCash Marketing Integration

 

Morning Erin,

 

I hope you’re well.

 

Please see attached the marketing integration pack for your referrer MissingCash.

 

You’ll notice that there’s two options in the pack, of which they only need to include one. See more below.

 

Example 1: RAAUS - https://raaus.com.au/finance/ 
A webform integration which allows the customer to stay on the referrers website and simply submit their contact details which can go straight through to Mystro.

 

Example 2: Advanture Campers - https://advanturecampers.com.au/finance/ 

This directly links to the quote tool on the Stratton Finance website where they can begin the quote process.

 

I’m more than happy to assist with any questions or queries on the above.

 

Please advise the referrer that this pack cannot be used on the LensFlow website. For this, there will need to be a separate referral agreement signed and then another integration pack prepared.

 

If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out.

 

Regards,
Ellie

 



Ellie Westmoreland

Marketing Engagement Specialist

t 0449 996 716 m 0449 996 716

 



Rate your experience with us – we’d love your feedback!
